| Key          | Value                                                                       |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 15-01-'25                                                                    |
| Time:        | 14:45 - 15:30                                                               |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 2                                                            |
| Chair        | Stijn van Drimmelen                                                         |
| Minute Taker | Vasco Roldao                                                              |
| Attendees:   | Amanda Andree<br/>Hemant Anilkumar<br/>Alexandru Grosu<br/>Iasonas Chronis<br /> Teodor Dragomir |

## Agenda Items:

### - Opening by chair (1min)
### - **Announcements by the Team (6 min)**
No announcements
### - Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have anything to add/alter? (1min)
### - Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the last minutes? (1min)
### - Announcements by the TA (2min)
-Next week we'll get 2 emails, one for knouckout and another as a warning
### - Presentation of the current app to the TA (4min)
-App was showcased to the TA
-keyboard shortcuts showcased
### - Discuss usability and implemented features (6 min)
-Basic features are done, but the extra ones are almost but not yet completed
### - Discuss what everyone has done the last week (6 min)
-Embedded content is only missing the download button
-Accessibility features almost done too, just a few bugs to fix
-The collection is now stored in the files, and it has an attribute title, notes and server
-Backend for collections is done, only frontend left
### - Discuss what our priorities should be going forward (12min)
-We should put a focus on accessibility
-We should spend some time refactoring, making tests and taking care of other details
-Review the backlog pdf to make sure that all the features are implemented correctly
-Trying to be done by next week so we can focus on the details
### - **Summarize the Meeting (2 min)**
-For collections, we still have to build most frontend methods and UI
### - Questions(if any) (2min)
-Teodor questions if the refresh button does anything
-What server does the default collection go to?
-Are we supposed to keep the polling?
-Does multimodal mean having both text and an image? Yes.
-How many actions does undo have to undo?
### - Closure (1min)