| Key | Value                                                                                        |
| --- |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date: | 27-11-24                                                                                     |
| Time: | 14:45 - 15:30                                                                                |
| Location: | DW PC1 Cubicle 2                                                                             |
| Chair | Iasonas Chronis                                                                              |
| Minute Taker | Hemant Anilkumar                                                                             |
| Attendees: | Alexandru Grosu<br/>Vasco Dos Santos Rold√£o<br/>Stijn van Drimmelen<br/>Teodor Dragomir<br/>Amandra Andree |

## Agenda Items:

### - Opening by chair (1 min)
-Introduced the main objectives.
### - Check-in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
- Generally, everyone is more comfortable with the material after having done the self studies.
- Consensus is that starting the project will be the most difficult step of the process. 
### - Announcements by the team (2 min)
- *Agreement*: Planning on having a shippable product by the next meeting.
- Update on the code of conduct and its progress; it just needs to be finalised and will be ready by Friday.
- *Agreement* Teodor will be responsible for the hand-in and will provide an update on its status on Thursday.
### - Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
### - Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
### - Announcements by the TA (3 min)
- Hemant git assignment repair: needs correct email.
### - Inform about the knockout criteria (1 min)
- **Important** Knockout criteria enforced starting this week.
- The knockout criteria operates from Monday to Sunday.
### - Brightspace documents - Did everyone read them, are there any questions (Self studies, Product pdfs)? (2 min)
- Discussion of the self studies and on the matter of issues.
- *Agreement*: be **consistent and precise** with the issues.
### - Code of Conduct - Inform about the deadline (Friday) - Discuss the finalisation of the assignment (4 min)
- Teodor is formalising.
- Update on the document: it is halfway there, and an update will be provided on Thursday.
- From the discussion on the code of conduct as a team there is enough to make the final deliverable.
### - Features - Discuss where to start with implementing basic requirements, decide the features to be implemented by next week (Product Backlog pdf on Brightspace) (7 min)
- Implementing the basic requirements following the product backlog document on BS.
- *Agreement* : Determine what features will implemented and by whom by next weeks meeting.
- **Priority**: Start by setting up the data structure, keeping in mind collections for scaling.
- Creating, adding and changing notes is pretty basic.
- *Agreement*: Start with 2 or 3 features to be implemented by next week and for issues to be created.
- *Agreement*: Adding, Changing and Creating will be done by Sandry.
- Markdown will be difficult, it will need to be done over a couple of weeks.
- Manually refresh and searching for keyword is pretty easy.
- *Agreement*: Markdown will be done later as it requires a functioning application.
- Problem with splitting the tasks, too specialized and other tasks are required as prerequisities. 
- Could start with front end and how the product looks like to the user.
- *Agreement*: The strategy of dividing the requirements into frontend and backend to ensure everyone works on front end and backend.
- *Agreement*: Create issues post meeting per features.
- Suggestion: Start with a basic requirement and work up from there thus providing a better idea of where we all are at.

### - Discuss checkstyle - Brainstorm the checkstyle rules (7 min)
- Suggestion: Take the checkstyle structure from the IP program.
- *Agreement: Method Length is irrelevant as long as code duplication is avoided.
- *Agreement*: Every non-trivial method requires JavaDoc, trivial methods can be written in 1 line.
- *Agreement*: Every JavaDoc has to have a param and return.
- *Agreement*: Start with method length of 150 lines.
- *Agreement*: Number of Params is max 10.
- *Agreement*: Max cyclomatic complexity of 8.
- *Agreement*: Indents is 1 tab.
- *Agreement*: No unused imports.
- *Agreement*: Max of 150 chars a line.
- *Agreement*: Left curly bracket on the same line.
- *Agreement*: Visibility, private fields and accessor methods.
- Check about public and private visibility post meeting.
### - Decide when and where to further discuss the specifics and plan the issues (4 min)
-*Agreement*: Consensus on another meeting after this meeting to discuss issues.
-*Agreement*: Online meeting tomorrow about initial ideas.
### - Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (4 min)
-Code of conduct by Friday.
-Talk about features, too much work for one meeting.
-Split features into issues, backend, frontend.
-Final Reminder of knockout criteria.
### - Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- *Agreement*: The team check-in might not be necessary for future meetings as it seems redundant. 
### - Planned meeting duration: 45 minutes actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate? (2 min)
- Good estimate on the time spent.
### - Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
- No questions.
### - Closure (1 min )
- Good chairing, positive result and call to action.
