| Key          | Value                                                                                                       |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date :       | 20-11-2024                                                                                                  |
| Time :       | 14:45 - 15:30                                                                                               |
| Location :   | DW PC1 Cubicle 2                                                                                            |
| Chair        | Alexandru Grosu                                                                                             |
| Minute Taker | Teodor Dragomir                                                                                             |
| Attendees :  | Hemant Anilkumar<br/>Iasonas Chronis<br/>Vasco Dos Santos Rold√£o<br/>Stijn van Drimmelen<br/>Amandra Andree |
## Agenda Items :
- ### Opening by chair (1 min)
    - The chair welcomed everybody
- ### Check-in: How is everyone doing? (2 min)
    - The team discussed their experience with app development and CS projects
    - The team discussed their experience with working in a team and how they feel about the upcoming challenge
- ### Approval of the agenda (3 min)
    - The team was asked whether they want to make any modifications to the agenda
    - The TA pointed out the lack of a timeslot for TA announcements
    - *Agreement*: Starting from the **second meeting**, there will ***always be a time slot for TA announcements*** in the agenda
- ### *Announcements by TA (2 min)
    - The deadline for the code of conduct was announced: **Sunday 1st of December**
    - The weekly time window for knock-out criteria was announced: **Monday** to **Sunday**
    - The necessity of writing issues on Gitlab was announced
    - The requirement of every team member being chair and minute taker at least once respectively was announced
- ### Technical readiness of team members (8 min)
    - Completion of the Git assignment was discussed
    - *Agreement*: **All team members** will have gotten **familiar with Git** and **repaired the assignment** (if necessary) by **next week**
    - Status on self-study completion was discussed
    - *Agreement*: **All team members** will have **completed all self-studies** by the **next meeting**
    - Chair asks the team if they tried cloning the team repository and running the template project
- ### Brainstorming: Where to start? (8 min)
    - Code of conduct discussion
    - *Agreement*: **Teodor** will **formalise** the previously drafted **code of conduct** for **next meeting** so that it can be finalised
    - Briefly discussed necessary app features, how the easiest could be implemented and where the requirements can be found
    - Awareness of the course documents on BrightSpace was discussed
    - *Agreement*: **All team members** will have **read all the documents** available on BrightSpace by the **next meeting**
- ### Summarizing of action points (4 min)
    - The following agreements on tasks for next week were restated:
      <br> Getting familiar with Git,
      <br> Doing the self-studies,
      <br> Reading through the documents on BrightSpace,
      <br> Trying to implement a small feature through a branch on the team repository.
- ### Feedback round (2 min)
    - The team reflected on the meeting process
- ### Question round (4 min)
    - Team asks TA about Git repair
    - Team asks TA about Checkstyle requirement
    - Team asks TA about agreement structure within Code of Conduct
    - Team asks TA about meeting duration
- ### Closure (1 min)
    - Choice of next meeting's *chair*: **Iasonas Chronis**
    - Choice of next meeting's *minute-taker*: **Hemant Anilkumar**
    - Closing words by chair.

## Agreements:
1. Starting from the **second meeting**, there will ***always be a time slot for TA announcements*** in the agenda.
2. **All team members** will have gotten **familiar with Git** and **repaired the assignment** (if necessary) by **next week**.
3. **All team members** will have **completed all self-studies** by the **next meeting**.
4. **Teodor** will **formalise** the previously drafted **code of conduct** for **next meeting** so that it can be finalised.
5. **All team members** will have **read all the documents** available on BrightSpace by the **next meeting**.