| Key          | Value                                                                                              |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 18-12-24                                                                                           |
| Time:        | 14:45 - 15:30                                                                                      |
| Location:    | DW PC1 Cubicle 2                                                                                   |
| Chair        | Vasco Rold√£o                                                                                       |
| Minute Taker | Iasonas Chronis                                                                                    |
| Attendees:   | Alexandru Grosu<br/>Hemant Anilkumar<br/>Stijn van Drimmelen<br/>Teodor Dragomir<br/>Amanda Andree |

## Agenda Items:

### - Opening by chair (1min)
### - Announcements by the Team (3min)
### - Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have anything to add/alter? (1min)
### - Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the last minutes? (1min)
### - Announcements by the TA (2min)
### - Presentation of the current app to the TA (4min)
### - Discuss what part of the epics is already done and what isn't (8min)
### - Discuss Alexandru's proposal of adding a cancel button when creating a new note (5min)
### - Discuss whether we should use the current search bar or just search for everything equally (5min)
### - Discuss what our priorities should be going forward (10min)
### - Summarize the meeting (2min)
### - Questions(if any) (2min)
### - Closure (1min)
